Software and datasets to support three books:

James O. Ramsay, Giles Hooker, and Spencer Graves
      (2009) Functional DAta Analysis with R and Matlab
      (Springer)
James O. Ramsay and Bernard W. Silverman (2005),
      'Functional Data Analysis', 2nd ed. (Springer)
_______ (2002) 'Applied Functional Data Analysis' (Springer)
James O. Ramsay, Giles Hooker, and Spencer Graves (2009)
      'Functional Data Analysis with R and Matlab' (Springer)

Release 2.2.1 contained corrections to fRegress and inprod.

Release 2.2.0 was released in Oct. 2009 as the working version to
accompany 'Functional Data Analysis with R and Matlab' (Springer)

Release 2.1.2 fixed problems with linmod among others and
completed script files for Ramsay, Hooker and Graves.

Release 2.1.1 added partial script files for
Ramsay, Hooker and Graves, and fixed some bugs.

Release 2.1.0 made 'fRegress' much easier to use by adding
a formula interface to handle the laborious setup.  To do
this and maintain backward compatibility, 'fRegress' is now
a generic function with a 'formula' and other methods.

Release 2.0.5 introduced 'predict', 'fitted', and 'residual'
methods as wrappers for various 'eval.*' functions where
that seemed appropriate.  This was suggested by Soren
Hosgaard.

Release 2.0.4 introduced changes to make the syntax for all
the 'create.*.basis' function calls more consistent.  This
included added names for all the basis functions to make it
easier to understand how 'fda' works.

Release 2.0.2 and 2.0.3 fixed bugs in "+.fd" and "-.fd" and
other places like 'plotfit.fd'.  Release 2.0.3 also introduced
changes to 'create.bspline.basis' and 'create.fourier.basis'
to make them more consistent and easier to use.

Release 2.0.1 added a map to CanadianWeather.Rd showing the
location of each weather station by region.

Release 2.0.0 added 'coef' generic functions to extract the
coefficients from objects of class 'fd', 'fdPar', and 'fdSmooth'.
Also, the 'coef' component in objects of class 'fdSmooth' was
removed as it was redundant with 'fd$coefs'.  In addition,
functions 'Fperm.fd' and and 'tperm.fd' were added, and a bug
was fixed in the addition of functional data objects.

Release 1.2.4 fixes a few bugs and adds defaults to
'smooth.basis' and 'smooth.basisPar' to make them easier to use.
The output of 'smooth.basis' and 'smooth.basisPar' now have class
'fdSmooth', with methods for 'plot', 'lines', and 'plotfit'.
There have also been improvements to the 'plotfit' function and
the 'CanadianWeather' data.  Also, a function 'norder' has been
added, which returns the order of a B-spline.

Release 1.2.3 adds to previous versions a script to create most
of the figures of chapter 6 of "Applied Functional Data Analysis"
by Ramsay and Silverman.  Other changes offer simpler calls to
time warping / registration and functional principal component
functions.

############################
Release 1.1.7 provides improved documentation and modifications
to some data sets.  Major modifications from previous releases:

MINOR INCOMPATIBILITIES WITH PREVIOUS VERSIONS:

	  1.  The 'daily' data set now has a more descriptive name,
'CanadianWeather', and some enhancements;  see the help page.

	  2.  The 'melanoma' data set has been modified to match
the object of the same name in the 'lattice' package.  Accordingly,
the 'index' column has been deleted and the column name 'melanoma'
has been changed to 'incidence'.


ENHANCEMENTS

	  1.  New functions 'smooth.basisPar' and 'smooth.fdPar'
simplify common analysis flows that follow an isolated call to
'dfPar' with a call to either 'smooth.basis' or 'smooth.fd';  these
tasks can now be performed in one step rather than two.

	  2.  A new function 'phaseplanePlot' simplifies the
process of plotting "Acceleration" vs. "Velocity".

	  3.  A new function 'axisIntervals' facilitates labeling
months and quarters on plots.

	  4.  A 'scripts' subdirectory now includes partial scripts
to replicate some of the analyses in the books.

	  5.  There have been numerous enhancements to help pages.


